odh-19938 created stubs for Workbench API guide (#653)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/api-workbench-create.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id='api-workbench-create_{context}']

> = Creating a workbench by using the OpenShift AI API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a workbench by using the {productname-short} API
```

[role="_abstract"]
Add descriptive text here

.Prerequisites
* one
* two

.Procedure

. Step 1
. Step 2

.Verification

. Step 1
. Step 2

> .Additional resources

Reviewer: Do we need to include the following line before the `.Additional resources` line?

`[role='_additional-resources']`

Also, should those lines be commented out by default?
